Add immutable circuit breaker (#25)
makerdao/esm: README.md

In the latter case, governance can choose to refund the ESM pledgers by minting new
tokens.

> If governance wants to disarm the ESM, it can do so by removing all of it's authorizations in the system or by calling `cage()`.

Reviewer: nit:  I think this is a good backstop so that we know that an ESM can't fire, but I feel pretty strongly that we should de-auth it in the system as well.  I don't like the idea of dead auths hanging around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If governance wants to disarm the ESM, it can do so by removing all of it's authorizations in the system and then by by calling `cage()` on this contract.
```

Author: Yes I agree and had that in the back of my head. Happy to enshrine it in the README.
